[Music] let's
see this the context
okay Crystal Moly was the first one who
told it Because she also claims that
the best was also looking at her badly
that I believe it Look personal opinion eh
about Crystal Moly they have told me I have
mutual friends they have told me that she is a
very good girl I don't know her
okay the little I know is that we invited her
to the podcast And she was very rude when
rejecting it because it was like Yes because it was
like ah It's that like Nimu gets along
badly with I don't know who I don't know a
joint that the poor girl took
eh for things that really are
totally taken out of context and that
are not true and well then I said okay It's okay
This is something personal I'll
pass it on but then because of the attitudes that I
'm seeing personal opinion I think that
the little fame that she has has risen and
that if she continues like this it will end
personal opinion that she enjoys what there is
for now that if she continues with these
attitudes it will not go very well for her
personal opinion eh Do you think it's because of fame
or because of her character because I  I see the
card badly, the one of I don't know, I do
n't know her but it can't be that
people come to me talking wonders about her
and the little that I see I don't like it, I
mean, I don't know if they've shown me
the worst clips or if
a chain of
random events has just uploaded and I coincided with them I
think her fame has gotten a bit high, I
mean, you can't go to the eslan they
give you the great, the great luxury, the great
opportunity to be there commenting on it
and then you mess up the next day and
poor gref
you leave him with his ass in the air you know another thing is that you tell her grefa it was a lie and that it was a lie of course and also that you are later exposed then e it's not that the millo looked at me badly Look, I know the millo in
person and in person the millo I don't think he
looks at you badly he must have smoked
four joints I tell you, the poor girl It's a
way of speaking obviously eh Because
the millo is a super guy Cacho de Pan in
person in fact he says chocas chocas
says the millo on Twitter live it's
like a barking dog then in person he's
a guy who doesn't tell you anything And
the truth is people don't understand that
Millo plays a character on social media he
extrapolates a lot of an attitude but then
in person he's a nice guy I mean
personally I like Millo he's
a capulet he's a jerk yes he is but we
all know him I mean he's our
jerk let me explain then chocas and
he obviously had some
pending fight so they found each other chocas
well I would go have one too many drinks he got carried
away and that's it chocas to me when he
spoke to me in the eslan a super
charming guy So I think it
was simply something personal of his and that's it
for me that she goes around saying it's not that
Millo looked at me badly I don't know how good it
is if I have to start saying who I
think has looked at me badly or not it's that we don't
end up you know to me they have looked at me badly
sometime someday I will tell it but let's
see no I don't think that in an
aggressive way in a challenging way for a fight
eh For the sio that we are but they are things
that I do not  I see it I see it as high school I
see it as childish I see it as high school because
it's like let's see what I know if you want to
talk if you want to tell me something Tell me
but like no Eh I don't know I also
have a lot but the balls Maybe it's that I also take
out a few
of damages but not that much I
mean like these people are in their 30s and I'm
38 I don't think it's a
difference but yes it's true that I
see it as high school not like oh I got
stung with this I'll hit you and it's like
well what if I have a guy who has uh
two two heads more than me or simply
who knows how to fight more than me or grabs me from
behind and hits me uh with a
rock I don't know like no no no I've never made
sense of that fight thing I
understand that many times uh we have
ways of exploding or you have a
bad day or whatever and sparks can fly
but that thing about the looks not like
Comanche said the challenging looks not what this
is telling uh but I don't know on the
other hand  I also see Well let's
put the click and we think that on the other
hand I see his part of reason when
chocas because you say damn let's see
you're [ __ ] on my [ __ ] mother all
day on the internet now you're not going to see me
a party and you're going to come e e you know as
if nothing happened but also not in
aggressive ways like hitting us you
understand getting our hands on each other let's
see it okay eh we see Cristal mly we see
chocas's version and we see the
moror's version which are very different
versions and we comment let's see let's
see what happens if they talk while
the video is on the echo comes piss me if you
want to stop at some point you
tell me and I'll raise my hand I'll raise my
hand if like at school like at
school the party comes the moror and and well
he was in a in one in one in the
hallway to go to the bathroom he was there and
I passed by to go to the bathroom and and we
crossed paths and he does this to me and I was like a and
every time I saw him he gave me
ugly looks and I was like please enough  Ah
but there he did have the balls He had
a lot of balls to throw
glances at me because the truth is
that I am small I am 163 no I do not like to
fight or anything well with me he did have the
balls but there was a mess over there
where suddenly he threw glances at
another person and that person started
fighting with him and his balls went down it
was not my intention that I do not know what there yes
his balls like that with a taller
and bigger man there yes his balls went
but with a well a small person
like me obviously he is not going to do or I mean he is
not going to fight or or he is going to
say Uy no what is this going to do to me
Well yes real man this one did the
same to him and returned it he fought him
And there yes Oh no no I do not know what it was not
my intention and his [ __ ] mother and oh no there
yes he [ __ ] himself he [ __ ] himself but well there you
realize the kind of scared person he
is and in fact that person approached me
and said I know that too  he threw you do
n't pay attention to him, that guy is just a Ju He
seeks attention and I don't know
what and I'm like the Editors you Oh I don't give a
[ __ ] what the dude says his [ __ ]
opinion no longer has weight anywhere
the streamers or any [ __ ] side
because everyone hates him since [ __ ]
his mother really let him say what he
wants to say and a [ __ ] chile lenona
with one the people in lam I don't know if he
thinks we are in the middle of a
constant civil war it's not like that the drinks I'm not
going to do challenging routes on anyone it's
crazy I don't know man I mean Maybe
maybe I am a person who intimidates
a lot okay well many times I have said
that he seems a little fake to me the chocas
okay And he seems a little a little
ass eater in some ways I have said it
more than once in reality it is I thought it was
going to be the same not that he was going to go
there he was going to find me he was going to put on a
good face and little else and the reality is
that I spoke to him I greeted him in a joking way and I
think I had never seen chocas
so pissed off in my  life Let's see maybe a
but roll Like what do you want
Pereira to do, I mean, he got on my bad side like
but angry angry
as a demon eh like but so
angry that even I got angry eh How
funny is like I miss him every
odd day of the year he's angry eaten
[ __ ] I really liked seeing him like that you know
tell me yes if he had answered me
right I would have continued thinking and having the
same opinion of him and he got
mad at me he conveyed to me what happened
I was missing you know and he made me respect give the
most of what I respected him I don't know he
[ __ ] on my dead because I disliked him
because of the charity because I don't know
dude he threw in my face a lot of things
that I had said and the truth is I
liked it dude I liked that someone comes and
is real with me and if he doesn't like you Well
but it's that it's with good reason he misses me without
control you know do the charity now a
good idea it doesn't seem like [ __ ] [ __ ] to me
doing benefit events on Twitch maybe I still
maintain my opinion let's see the
difference  it's I had never considered
chocas a friend and from what he makes me
understand he did consider me a friend.
Maybe I consider him more of a friend now
than I did before because
for me he's a lot closer chocas to
a friend than he was before, you know, so
obviously when it comes to giving
my opinion about him I'm going to take
his feelings into account more or what
could affect him or whatever because you know like he's
a real person that I want to
have around he's someone that I've
failed seven times and he almost killed me
you know in person what if seven the
first ones like I liked that a lot man
I value those things but from
now on I'm going to take his feelings into account much more, because
before I didn't give a
damn at all. I haven't had any
controversy this weekend I haven't been spared. Oh
because of your confrontation with the best, a roommate
of his is a very good friend of mine how nice and he keeps
messing with me
constantly and I understand because at the
end of the day Well, I'm a famous guy
and this really bothers me. I
explained this to him in person so he comes to
talk to me at good events
after  spend three months
insulting me on social media and in your
live streams I insult you live and I tell you
that you're [ __ ] I'm not even going to mute you
that I want to mute that now okay I wanted to
clarify you seem to me to be crazy to
literally see the chocas stretched out with
both balls out of his pants
practically saying I am a
successful guy I mean the truth is that I go with the
nab
out it's simply a scene that
seems brutal to me I mean a lot of people were like they did
n't see potential in the sofa I think
that for these types of reactions it
seems to me that it is a God choice of Setup I mean I
just wanted to clarify that
extraordinary pair ext The more comfortable
you are transmitting the better you communicate you
know it's like to me to me this idea of
everything that is these four walls
kitchen sofa area everything that is
set up in that Setup I think it's good I would
not have done the rest of the house that
of the two sinks in the
bathroom the roll of the rooms
Maybe I would have done it in another way
more habitable more you know but but everything
that I have done If I had another area that
was normal, I mean a normal living room
and a normal kitchen that was not a
plate  of television to me this I would
love to have it, I mean it's the envy
of any streamer that a camera
follows you If you go to the couch and
throw yourself on the couch If you go to the
kitchen and stand in the kitchen I don't know what you
start talking to people, this
seems great to me, I mean it's the [ __ ] I find it
incredible, it's like you've
literally spent Twitch eh yes spent Twitch totally
total then later I'll tell you
everything eh I
'm taking notes then I'll tell you everything go the word because then I really think you're a [ __ ] [ __ ] and I'm not going to talk to you anywhere because I don't even want to see but of course Elm doesn't do that he insults me every [ __ ] day and messes with me but then live he behaves like a [ __ ]
great and he's a [ __ ] great guy he may not
agree with me but on
social media all he does is insult
the other day I posted a tweet that I
was doing an event To support
Chile in which we're going to make a
huge donation of 18,000 or
20,000 euros I never answer him anymore  have you
seen that in the last 6 months I have never
talked about the millo I can't
ignore him because his friends are friends of
mine I don't want us to have bad
faces and then I simply when he
spoke to me I answered him a little rudely and I
raised my voice and said look don't
touch my [ __ ] balls you've
behaved like a [ __ ] clown and of course I
told him ahead and you've got me fed up with my
[ __ ] [ __ ] what's going to happen just stop
bothering me because I'm telling him again
here I guess now he'll make a
Stream insulting me telling me that I'm
the worst cancer in history and that
I hope I die and that I don't know what's always
Okay, stop bothering him and if
not, then we'll continue to get along badly
and that's it but what I'm not going to do
is do like him which is get along in
person but get along badly because I'm not
capable of it if I tell you that you're a son
of a [ __ ] It's because I think about it I think about it in
real life and outside and what there is and that's it
dude no no I'm not capable of  playing
that game of no, this is a show or is it a
joke for me it's not a joke and I know
that you're going to see it, for my part and that
's it, one thing is to be the kid who makes
out of place comments to gain
repercussions and another thing is to be a [ __ ]
[ __ ] and the line is very thin I
will talk about him again Although he
answers me he will answer saying that I am
a shitty rat and a son of a [ __ ] and
a [ __ ] when in person he tells me
no that there is no problem and that the
whole show has left her fatal eh Comment
you let's see I don't think he has said
any I tell you eh neither of the two
anything that is not true, I mean I think
that both what the moo says and what
the chocas says they both believe it and that it
is completely plausible in the
same universe let me explain there are people who have
been saying they are playing the millo
cageta because to the one that the chocas has
said four things he is telling him that
he seems more real and he seems now a
better friend or closer than before I
can tell you that knowing the moo and
especially knowing stanix  who is the one who
was next to me who was
with us on the podcast for a long time
eh 100% real I mean I believe it Moo
is a guy who said he is not submissive Not at
all he is simply a person
who does a lot of show business I am something I
can understand but I can also
understand that he chocas there is a limit that
if you exceed it he doesn't like it anymore it's like show
business up to here but yes if you
go over there it bothers me I think the
problem has been that chocas maybe out of
pride or because he hasn't had the
obligation because he is in a situation
in numbers in much higher repercussion he has
n't seen the need to fix his
problems privately and then he had
Well the inconvenience of running into him
at an event where they obviously share
friends because Ricoy who is the one who
mentions and chocas who is the one who plays close
to him and who are very good friends
is Millo's roommate and a very
good friend of Millo In fact I
also have a very good relationship with Ricoy And what
happens is that you're going to end up
running into them and in the room where
they were partying it was a
small room it would have only a few
square meters  Yes or yes you find him
then the slightest thing they go to the bathroom or
whatever they found him And what happens is
that maybe the millo goes there in a good mood
and you crash he says a dick is going to go in a
good mood when you told me All this
for me the mistake is to get angry
there and not in private. There is one thing that
not everyone does it is very difficult
but it is a piece of advice that I try to
apply in my day to day life even if it is difficult and that
is that when you have to congratulate
a person you can do it in public
but when you are going to criticize them if you
really have appreciation or you are looking for
constructive criticism you have to
do it privately So I think that is where you
crash I should have done well
maybe be more mature show how
mature the two of us are and go privately and
say look we have friends in common eh
nothing happens man eh do you want good vibes it is going to
be difficult because you have really touched my
balls but hey let's try to
put on neutral faces each one does his own thing
and so that there is no conflict Of course if
you act like the one from Pereira no that
the millo said that  he put it there at full blast
What reasons were there in fact stanix says let's
see if you had missed him Only
seven times but you've missed every
day without pairs stanix didn't say what does it
mean that he really gave him
a lot of stick I understand that the
annoying chocas doesn't hurt the millor
either a seven ear pull eh I
think it has done him good eh and in fact
he says it himself realize that one would
expect that being the millo a guy with
as much ego as Well in fact in the
thumbnail that I put in his podcast it was
the ego of Twitch it's a t the shas has
lowered it but calm down he put
a fitto Yes yes but because because the
millo knows But but because the millo
knows that what what the
chocas has said is true if the millo
genuinely thought that the choca was making a
mistake he would have insulted him but
since he told the truth that if you have
shown me that you are real and not like the
ass-kissers that there are on Twitch or
YouTube or wherever the majority of them
eat their balls despite being wrong
that  I've seen this too what
happens there is what that's what he wanted to be
him sucking Chock's balls in
person let's see I don't think so no I think he was
simply avoiding conflict he doesn't care
I'm telling you he's a guy who doesn't care
avoiding conflict
let's not see I'm completely
against fights like I told you
but if there is a person eh with whom I ca
n't stand with whom I
go on the internet this guy is this this
guy is that this guy is that you know
I don't go near him at a party one thing
is that you imagine you meet on a
program on a red carpet or
whatever and you have to work and Hey good
afternoon I don't know what I don't know how much it costs or that
you run into him somewhere and you say
good morning but as they are
telling it it is that at the private party
where there were no cameras one thing that you
find yourself well there was there was
Brunenger's camera Yes but one thing is
that you find yourself on the set of the
King Lich and you have to interact  you have to
talk or whatever or that
one is presenting in a Stream and the
other one is going to cru What's going
on I don't know what come on you know but at a private party you're being good when you're putting him on he's made a fool of himself and he's even criticizing me for making a donation to Chile it was not like we're not going to see the choca has put him in scare he
told him you're not the cool guy that you go
the image that you go of a cool guy on the
internet no to you I'll stop your feet and he
hit the brakes with his feet Besides
this guy is a big liar It's not that it's
very I liked it I liked that the
choca is real to me I don't know what no cu no the
choca shut your mouth and you
ate it and you lowered your head I say I
tell you obviously he lowered his
head because they put him in his place
but I think he really liked it
eh I mean I think that really the guy
said what the balls and I'm telling you because he's
a turkey much if instead of El chocas okay
eh it would have been what you  I say another one that let's
see that I don't want to offend anyone or
for anyone to feel less trapped but
someone who was like that Look if someone who was
his size Look at keroro for
example now he is Jim bro okay But
when he wasn't Jim bro okay I tell
you that the best one didn't lower his head
like he did with Choca he
did it because you know that Choca throws him
forward he is a Galician there with two
pairs of you know what I'm telling you and throws
forward and let's see we would have to see it we
would have to see it I hope I don't hope not to have to
see it Then if you want
we can talk about keroro because in fact you
but listen to me the Choca they have
told me that he is super tall no that he measures almost
2 meters and no the Choca is my height and
how much is that I am 83 I think he
is around 80 and a little damn like me
man no 2 Met 2 Met is a misho misho
s that he is half a head taller than me you measure
that man he looks like Vito they tell me that but
by La Silla I am tall [ __ ] I am tall
and I am  fat What happens is that I play the camera
very well, stop being
short, I'm short, damn a2 bard I'm the
same size Look, I'm the same size as I, more or
less, I think he's also at
83, but what I'm telling you is that this guy is
missing in a very gratuitous way that
I'm not telling you to get excited because
I've gotten excited many times and I've
surely disrespected and insulted and
everything you want, but this
guy goes for free, for free, I did
some atrocities to you, don't see the girlfriend,
the ex-girlfriend, to Cristinini, he
did a live broadcast for 20 or 30 minutes, insult,
insult, insult. Yes, that live broadcast,
I have the context, I prefer not to
give it, I'm just going to tell you that in the case
of Chocas, I think that, eh, yes, but there's a lot
more history that can't be said,
unfortunately, it's personal and I can't
say it, but in that live broadcast,
yes, I think what he did was very bad, I
understand why he did it, I don't
agree with it, but I understand it. I can tell you
that if you knew what's behind it, you wouldn't  it's
just a strike there's much more even
you would say Okay I understand but you wouldn't
do it because obviously you have a
minimum of respect you know and you know that it
's inappropriate to make those kinds of
reactions okay Although I understand
why he did it because he's a
very temperamental person who sometimes gets carried
away on the other hand I think that
now he really respects Chosas a lot
more I'm telling you the truth I've seen it
when I was talking to him I think he respects him a
lot more because he has put him in his
place and obviously it's something that he says H
your balls because he Maybe he didn't
expect someone to have the goos to
do it now I'm also telling you in terms of height I
think they are both on par eh that he has
n't left the millor he looks
the millor he looks big as if
Chosas was 8 Met and El millo 1660 they are
the same height they are the same
height the millor it looks it looks
but that's good is what I'm telling you or
[Music]
be it